The prestigious school that turned out
many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
I see! Leg techniques, huh?
If your arms are unstable,
then switch to your legs!
I like that kind of thinking!
In that case, I'll whip up some
super cute leg-part babies for you!
Oh, but I don't want to change my current
costume design much right now...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
A good designer can meet all the reckless,
ignorant, and ill-advised demands of the client!
Mr. Power Loader!
If my idea is good, then
you will use it, right?
Only if it's good.
Everything's settled?
But if you are going to use
your legs as a selling point,
then you'll need to adapt
to being a speed-type hero!
That's true...
With his stature and weight, Iida is just like
an armored car equipped with an F1 engine.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
If you're going to fight
in the same ring as him...
Wait a minute!
I have a power-up move called Full Cowling
that lets me increase
the strength of my whole body...
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Oh, in that case, we can
finish this off quick!
"Four Days Later"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
A new move...
AP Shot!
"AP Shot (Armor Piercing Shot)"
I did it!
Hey, look out!
Idio--
I got the idea for Full Cowling
from Gran Torino and Kacchan!
The essence of that is quick,
small movements and precise maneuvering!
In order to keep that alive,
I need the least amount of equipment
with the maximum possible effect!
Arm supporting braces
and iron soles that can
act as cleats or armor!
Smash...!
This is my new costume
that I made with Hatsume,
Costume Gamma!
"The Test"
Are you all right, All Might?!
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Yeah!
Oh?
What was that, Midoriya?
You just waltzed in there and showed
some amazing destructive power!
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
I thought you were a puncher.
Kaminari, Kirishima.
The destructive power was thanks
to the soles Hatsume suggested for me.
I learned how to use my body
from Iida and changed my fighting style.
I've only figured out
what direction I want to go in,
but it's still just a stopgap,
and I don't have anything
I can call an ultimate move yet...
No,
I think it's already more
effective than just a stopgap.
Especially for the
provisional licensing exam.
All Might, it's dangerous,
so don't get too close.
Oh, excuse me!
Young Bakugo! I'm sorry!
Watch yourself, All Might!
"Watch yourself," huh?
I get it, but...
I guess to everyone else,
I'm someone to be protected now, huh?
You guys made improvements
to your costumes, too?
You noticed? Did you?
You're not the only one with a new style!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
The others are making
changes here and there, too.
This is no time to lose focus!
But my change in style is huge!
You're in for a surprise!
You wanna see? You can!
It's seriously amazing!
That's enough, Class A!
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
"Pro Hero - Vlad King - Quirk: Blood Control"
"Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy"
Today, Class B is scheduled
to use this place in the afternoon.
Class B?
Man, what terrible timing!
Eraser, hurry up and get out of the way.
We still have almost ten minutes.
You're not good at using time wisely, Vlad.
Hey, did you know?
The provisional licensing exam
has a 50% fail rate.
All of you should just fail!
He comes right at us with how he feels, huh?
"ha ha ha"
--Wait, is that Monoma's costume?
--Why don't we see exactly who's better?
--"Since my Quirk's Copy, there's no need
for anything especially eccentric," he said.
--Why don't we see exactly who's better?
That's him not being eccentric?
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Still, his opinion is reasonable.
As long as we are taking the same exam,
it is our fate to crush each other.
That's why Class A and
Class B applied to different locations.
The hero licensing exam takes
place each June and September
in three different locations across
the country at the same time.
In order to avoid students from
the same school fighting each other,
all schools subscribe to the theory of
splitting up their students by time or location.
Whew.
"Whew"
It is unfortunate that we will not be
able to fight each other directly!
"ahahaha ahahaha ahahaha"
He said "Whew," didn't he?
I wonder if there's a diagnosis
for the type of mental state he has...
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"All schools," huh...?
That's right, I didn't really
think about it that much,
but we'll be fighting
against other schools to pass.
And in our case, we're accelerating
the process of getting them...
In addition,
there are very few first years in the country
trying to get their provisional licenses.
In other words...
...the test will have those
who've trained longer than you,
with Quirks you don't know about
that they've polished up until now.
The actual contents of the exam are unclear,
but what is clear is that
you all will have a hard time.
It's not good to get too hung up about it,
but keep that in mind.
Yes, sir!
We're working so hard every day...
It's not called "intensive
training" for nothing, huh?
"Momo Yaoyorozu" "Toru Hagakure" "Tsuyu Asui"
"Kyoka Jiro" "Mina Ashido"
Even so, there's less than a week left
before the provisional licensing exam.
Yao-momo, how's your ultimate move coming?
There's something I want to do,
but my body can't keep up yet,
so I need to develop
my Quirk a little more first.
What about you, Tsu?
I've perfected a move even
more frog-like than before.
I'm sure even you'll be surprised, Toru.
What about you, Ochaco?
Ochaco?
Huh?
You seem tired.
Oh, no, I'm not tired at all.
I'm just getting started!
At least, that's how it's supposed
to be, but, how do I put it...?
Recently, my heart's
been feeling all stirred up...
It's love!
Wh... What? Glove? Shove? Dove?
"Glove!? Shove!? Dove!?"
--I don't know what you're talking about!
--Is it Midoriya, or Iida?
You're always with them, aren't you?
No, no, that's not it!
No, it's not, it's not...
She floated...
Who is it? Which one? Who is it?
Spit it out.
You'll get a lighter sentence if you confess.
That's not it, really!
I really don't know anything
about that stuff...
It's not good to force
an investigation, you know.
That's right.
More importantly, we have an early
start tomorrow, so we should turn in.
What? No way! I want to hear more!
Even if we don't talk about anything important,
I want to force it to be about romance!
That's...
That's not it... Iida was more like...
He used his back, yeah,
his back and his flexibility...
I can visualize the shape in my head now.
In order to bring it up
to the "ultimate move" level...
That's not...
"Provisional Licensing Exam Location"
"National Dagoba Arena"
Our days of training passed by,
and then the day of the exam was upon us!
Ah, I'm getting nervous!
I wonder what we'll have to do...
I wonder if I can get my
provisional license...
Mineta, it's not about whether
or not you can. Go and get it!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Right, c-course-of!
If you can pass this test
and get your provisional licenses,
then you novice eggs will become chicks...
You'll hatch into semi-pros.
Do your best.
All right, I'll become a chick!
Let's all call out the usual! Ready, set--
Plus...
...Ultra!
You shouldn't just barge in
on other people's huddles, Inasa.
Oh, no!
I am...
...very... extremely...
...sorry!
What's with this guy trying
to get by with just his enthusiasm?!
He is...
Wait, that uniform...!
It's from that famous
school in western Japan...
U.A. in the east, Shiketsu in the west...
Of the many hero courses,
it's an elite school that rivals U.A....
...Shiketsu High School!
I wanted to try saying
it just once! Plus Ultra!
I love U.A. High School!
I am extremely honored to be able
to compete against U.A. students!
I'm looking forward to it!
Oh, blood.
Let's go.
Inasa Yoarashi...
Mr. Aizawa, you know him?
He's... strong.
--Blood? I'm fine! I like blood!
--Last year, the same year as you guys,
Yoarashi got the top scores of those
admitted through recommendations,
but for some reason,
he turned down his acceptance.
What?! Then, he's a first year?!
And if he was the top of those
with recommendations...
Then, his abilities are above Todoroki's?!
Inasa Yoarashi... from
Shiketsu High School...
"Ochaco Uraraka"
"Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"She can make people and things weightless with the pads on the tips of her fingers."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 12/27"
"Height: 156 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Japanese Food"
"Eraser Head"
"Quirk: Erasure"
"He can erase the Quirks of whoever is in his field of vision."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher"
"Birthday: 11/8"
"Height: 183 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Cats"
And now, everyone from
U.A., please excuse me!
His name's Inasa Yoarashi?
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
Even though he says he loves U.A.,
he threw away his chance to enroll. I don't get it.
Right? What a weirdo.
He's weird, but he's the real thing.
Keep an eye out for him.
Eraser? It's you, isn't it, Eraser?!
I've seen you on TV and
at the sports festival,
but it's been a while since
I've seen you in person!
She's...
Let's get married.
No.
"ba-dump"
--No? Good one!
--You're hard to talk to, as usual, Joke.
...Smile Hero: Ms. Joke!
"Outburst"
Her Quirk's Outburst!
She forces those near her to laugh,
dulling their thinking and their movements!
Her fights against villains
are full of craziness!
If you marry me, then we can make
a happy family with never-ending laughter!
A family like that can't be happy.
You two seem close.
Our agencies used to be close to each other!
In our cycle of helping and being helped,
our mutual love for each other bloomed--
No, it didn't.
Oh, I love your quick retorts!
You're so worth teasing, Eraser!
Joke, since you're here, that means...
That's right. Come here, everyone!
It's U.A.
Oh, it's the real thing!
Wow, that's amazing! I've
seen them all on TV!
Ketsubutsu Academy, second years, Class 2!
They're my class. Please be kind.
I'm Shindo! U.A. this year's had trouble
after trouble, so it must've been tough!
Huh? Ye...
But even so, you all are still
aiming to be heroes like this, huh?
That's wonderful!
A heart of fortitude
is what I believe all heroes
should have from now on!
He's too bright!
He's totally a charming pretty-boy type!
From among you, there's Bakugo,
who experienced being the
center of the Camino incident.
You have an especially strong heart.
Today, I'll do my best
while learning from you!
Stop pretending. What you're saying
doesn't match the look on your face!
Hey! Stop being so rude!
Sorry for his rudeness...
It's fine! It just proves
how strong his heart is.
Hey, Todoroki! Can I have your autograph?
You were so cool at the sports festival!
Huh?
Stop being such a fangirl.
You can have my autograph, too.
Hey, change into your costumes
and go to the orientation.
Don't waste time.
Yes, sir!
It's like... contact with people
outside of school reminds me...
U.A. students are actually
pretty famous, huh?
Oh, dear!
Could it be...? You didn't tell them, Eraser?
"Provisional Hero Licensing Exam Location"
There are so many...
There're so many...
Um...
Well then, let's do that
provisional license thing...
I'm Mera from the Heroes
Public Safety Commission.
The kind of sleep I like is non-REM sleep...
Nice to meet you.
I've been so busy that
I haven't gotten much sleep...
We're too short-staffed...
I'm so sleepy!
With that conviction,
I will give you the orientation.
He's not hiding his
exhaustion at all. Is he okay?
About the content of
the provisional license thing...
Frankly, all 1,540 examinees here will
have to win through a free-for-all exercise!
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
Seriously?
That's not a lot to go on.
Our society is currently said
to be saturated with heroes,
and ever since Stain was arrested,
many have shown doubts
about the current state of heroes.
"Heroes should not seek compensation."
"It must be a title given to those
who have sacrificed all of themselves."
The hero killer's convictions...
Well, as a private citizen,
no matter what the motivation,
to tell someone risking their lives
to save others not to seek any reward is...
It's the ruthless story
of these modern times...
But anyway, whether its for compensation
or for loyalty and courage...
...the result of many heroes working hard
together to help people and defeat villains
is that right now, the time from when
an incident begins to when it is resolved
is so short that it'd make you sick.
You all are about to receive
your provisional licenses
and finally throw yourselves
into those rapids.
Those who can't keep up with
that speed will frankly have it tough.
Accordingly, what you'll
be tested on is speed!
"Number to Pass 1st Test
100 People"
The first hundred to fulfill
the requirements will pass.
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
There are a total of
1,540 people taking the exam!
Didn't they say half would pass...?
This means, less than
10% will actually pass...
I'm getting even more nervous!
Well, a lot's happened
out there in the world,
and you know, about luck and everything...
So anyway, here are the requirements.
The examinee will put three
of these targets on his or her body.
They can go anywhere
as long as it's an exposed area.
You can't put them on the soles
of your feet or in your armpits.
You will also have six of these balls.
The targets are made to only
light up if they're hit by these balls,
"1st Test Rules"
and if all three of your
targets light up, then you're out.
"1st Test Rules"
"Fail"
The person who lights up your
third target will have it count as their defeat.
You get through this round
by defeating two people.
That's it for the rules.
It's similar to the entrance exam...
No, but going up against people is completely
different from going up against robots!
You have exactly enough
balls for you to pass.
Are they recommending that we swoop in
and steal the third target from someone else?
The rules are even harsher
than in the entrance exam.
Okay then...
After we open,
we'll pass out the targets and balls,
and then we'll start one minute
after we've gotten to everyone.
"Open"?
I believe you all have terrain
that you like and dislike.
Use your Quirks well and do your best.
It's unnecessarily big!
Anyway, we arranged for
the terrain to be announced like that...
But yeah, it's unnecessary.
It's because of this that my sleep was...
I hope the developments are speedy
so that I can rest as soon as possible...
Eraser, your fly's down...
Why is everyone around me so noisy?
I can't believe you still
had twenty students, though.
It's unusual for you
to not have expelled anyone.
You like your class this time?
Not really.
Don't be embarrassed! That's so lame!
--Go out with me!
--Shut up.
But then, it's strange...
There's no way you don't know about that.
If the first people to finish win, then no one
will go after people from their own school.
The way to win would be to team up
with people whose power they already know.
Everyone, don't get too separated!
Let's move as a group!
Okay!
Yeah.
Yeah right, this isn't a field trip!
Idiot, wait up!
Kacchan!
Kirishima!
I'm going to go on my own, too.
It's hard for me to use
my power in a big group.
Todoroki!
Midoriya, there's no time! Let's go!
Right!
Every year, the test is different,
but there is one thing that's almost like a
tradition for this provisional licensing exam.
I don't think it's a good idea
to go off on our own, though...
Why not?
Because, you know! Everyone already
knows what powers we have.
They already know?
I see, the sports festival!
As all the high schools around the country
compete to pass the provisional licensing exam,
the only high school that has lost the
advantage of no one knowing their Quirks...
the top school whose sports festival
is broadcast across the country
showing not just the students' Quirks,
but also their weaknesses and fighting styles...
Your school.
The other schools should also have figured out
what I said earlier about the way to win.
I think it'll end up being
a battle between schools.
Which means, they'll start thinking
about which school to go after first.
Does that mean...
Don't tell me...
First test, start!
If you like your class this year,
then you should've told your students.
What always happens at the beginning...
The crushing of U.A.
I knew it!
I saw it on TV! The super power
that also destroys yourself!
Well, if a nail sticks out,
then you've gotta hammer it down!
I think it's already more
effective than just a stopgap.
Especially for the
provisional licensing exam.
One For All...
...Full Cowling...
...Shoot Style!
"The crushing of U.A."
There wasn't really a
reason why I didn't tell them,
but in the end, it wouldn't
change what they had to do.
They just have to overcome everything.
Dark Shadow!
Got it!
All right!
Take that!
Oh?
A hero is someone who can
turn around a bad situation.
In the first place, if they become pros,
then everyone will already know their Quirks,
so I'm sorry, but we look a
little further ahead than everyone else.
This can work.
My Shoot Style, and everyone's power...
...are showing the results
of our intensive training!
Everyone, let's keep going like this!
Yeah!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The first test of the provisional
licensing exam has finally begun.
I end up getting separated from the
rest of the class, and in front of me,
a girl from Shiketsu High School appears...
Next time, "Shiketsu High Lurking"!
"Next time: Shiketsu High Lurking"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!